Add autofix imports instructions (#22)
gnosis/dex-cli: README.md

# Verbose mode
./dfusion trades -v
```

![](docs/CLI-verbose.png)

# Development

> If you use Visual Studio code, make sure you install https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python plugin and organize imports on safe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Visual Studio code, make sure you install https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python plugin to auto-organize imports on save:
```
